Where is your hometown?
Do you like your hometown? Why?
How long have you been living in your hometown?
Do you believe your hometown is a proper place to grow up? Why
How could your hometown be improved?
Has your hometown changed much since you were a child?
Is there good public transportation in your hometown?
Will you be moving away from your hometown?
Do you like art?
Did you learn to draw when you were a kid?
Have you ever visited an art gallery?
Is there any artwork on the wall in your room?
Do you want to be an artist?
Do you like modern art or traditional art?
What snacks do you like to eat?
What snacks did you eat when you were young?
When do you usually eat snacks now?
Do you think eating snacks are healthy?
Have you ever learned about outer space and stars?
Are you interested in films concerning outer space and stars?
Do you want to go into outer space in the future?
Do you often stay up late?
Did you stay up late when you were a kid?
What do you do when you stay up late?
What does it feel like the following day when you stay up late?
What is the weather like where you live?
Do you prefer cold or hot weather?
Do you prefer dry or wet weather?
Do you get in the habit of checking the weather forecast?
What subjects are you studying?
Why did you choose the subjects you're studying?
Do you like your subject?
Do you prefer to study in the mornings or the afternoons?
Do you miss being a student?
As a student, are you looking forward to working?
Do you like your job?
What technology do you often use, computers or cell phones?
What electronic devices have you bought lately?
Is there any technology you want to buy?
What benefits does technology bring to us?
Where do you go to school?
Do you go to a good school?
Do you like your teachers?
Do you like your current learning atmosphere?
What are the differences between your school and other schools?
Is there anything you want to change about your school?
Do you often go to the library?
What books or materials do you often read in a library?
What do you usually do in a library other than reading?
Do people in your country often go to the library?
Do you know many small businesses where you live?
Do you prefer buying things from big companies or small businesses?
Have you ever worked in small businesses?
Have you ever thought about starting your own business?
Did you do puzzles in your childhood?
When do you do puzzles, during trips, or when you feel bored?
Do you like doing word puzzles or number puzzles? Which is more difficult for you?
Do you think it is suitable for older people to do puzzles?
Do you live in a house or a flat?
Why do you live in an apartment/house?
How long have you lived in your apartment/house?
What do you like the most about your apartment/house?
What is your favorite room? Why?
Can you describe the view from your windows?
Do you plan to live in your apartment/house in the future?
What are the advantages of living in your own home?
What kind of accommodation do you wish to have in the future?
Can you tell me about your house when you were a child?
Do you like singing?
Have you ever learned how to sing?
Who do you want to sing for?
Do you think singing can bring happiness to people?
What music do you like?
What kinds of music do you like to listen to?
Do you enjoy the same kind of music as your friends?
Have you ever been to a concert before?
What is the most popular type of music where you live?
Which singer or musician would you like to see in person?
Do you like art?
Do you like visiting art galleries?
Do you want to be an artist?
Do you like modern art or traditional art?
Where are you living now?
What do you like most about where you live?
What is the neighborhood like where you live?
Do you have any friends in your neighborhood?
What can be improved in the area where you live?
Do you know any famous people in the area where you live?
Do you intend to stay in the same area in the future?
What kind of public transportation do you usually take?
When do you usually take public transportation, in your everyday life or when traveling?
Did you take public transport when you were a kid?
Do most people prefer public transport?
Do you do some cooking/help your family cook at home now?
Did you do some house cleaning when you were young?
Do you have breakfast at home every day?
Do you want to learn how to cook well?
Do you always bring a lot of keys with you?
Have you ever lost your keys?
How can we avoid losing keys?
How often do you wear jewelry?
What type of jewelry do you like to wear?
Do you usually buy jewelry?
Why do you think some people wear a piece of jewelry for a long time?
Does your name have a special meaning?
How do people choose names for their children?
Does anyone in your family have the same name as you?
Are there any differences between how people name their children now and in the past in your country?
Do you get in the habit of checking the weather forecast? When/how often?
What made you happy when you were little?
Is there anything that has made you feel happy lately?
What do you think will make you feel happy in the future?
Are you happy when you buy new things?
Do you usually wear T-shirts?
Do you like T-shirts with pictures or prints?
Do you think older people are fashionable if they wear T-shirts?
Have you ever bought T-shirts as souvenirs?
Did you do many chores as a child?
What chores do you typically do now?
Are there are chores you dislike doing?
Do men or women do more chores in your country?
Do you like eating chocolate?
How often do you eat chocolate?
What's your favorite chocolate flavor?
Did you often eat chocolate when you were a kid?
Is it good to give chocolate as gifts to others? Did you do that?
Why do you think chocolate is popular around the world?
Do you live in a noisy area?
Does being in a noisy place bother you?
What do you do to escape noisy places?
Are there any specific noises that annoy you?
What noise do we have in cities?
Is it usually louder in the countryside or in the city in your country?
Do you think cities are getting noisier these days?
Do you like weekends?
What do you usually do on weekends? Do you study or work?
What did you do last weekends?
Do you make plans for your weekends?
Is there anything that makes you feel happy lately?
When do you feel happy at work? Why?
Do you feel happy when buying new things?
Do you think people are happy when buying new things?
What do you have for breakfast?
Do you eat fast food?
What are the different kinds of fast food in Vietnam?
Did you often eat snacks when you were young?
Do you think it is healthy for you to eat snacks?
What do you usually do on your birthday?
What did you do on your birthday when you were young?
Do you think it is important for you to celebrate your birthday?
Whose birthday do you think is the most important to celebrate in Vietnam?
When do you usually take public transportation, in your everyday life or when are you travelling?
Do most people prefer public transportation in your country?
Did you take public transportation when you were a kid?
Will there be more people taking public transportation in the future?
What technology do you often use, computers or cellphones?
Is technology important in your life?
Is there any technology you don’t like?
What do you think are the trends in technology today compared to when you were young?
Do you write a lot?
What do you like to write? Why?
Do you think the things you write would change?
Do you prefer typing or handwriting when you are writing?
Do you or your friends like using social media?
Do you think you or your friends use too much social media?
Do you want to work in social media? Why?
What’s the most popular social media in Vietnam? Why?
Do you like geography?
Have you ever studied geography at school?
Are you good at reading a map?
Would you visit a country because of its geographical location?
Do you like getting up early in the morning?
What do you usually do in the morning?
What did you do in the morning when you were little? Why?
Are there any differences between what do you do in the morning now and what you did in the past?
Do you spend your mornings doing the same things on both weekends and weekdays? Why?
Did you have a bike when you were young?
Did you ride a bike when you were little?
Did you ride a bike to school?
Do you ride a bike when you go out now?
What's the weather like where you live?
Are you in the habit of checking the weather forecast? When/How often?
What do you think are the effects of climate change in recent years?
Would you like to visit other cities that have different climates from where you live?
What sports do you like?
Did you do some sports when you were young?
Do you think students need more exercise?
Do you know any people who are good at sports?
Do you think it is important for people to exercise?
Should schools encourage young students to take more physical exercise?
What city do you live in?
Do you like this city? Why?
How long have you lived in this city?
Are there big changes in your city?
Is this city your permanent residence?
Are there people of different ages living in you city?
When was the last time you had a few days off?
What do you usually do when you have days off?
Do you usually spend your days off with your parents or with your friends?
What would you like to do if you had a day off tomorrow?
Can you fix things?
Did anybody teach you to fix things when you were a child?
Do you think it is necessary for people to learn to fix things?
What do you do when a thing is broken and cannot be fixed?
What was your childhood dream?
Are you the kind of person who sticks to dreams?
What is your dream job?
Do you think you are an ambitious person?
Do you like rainy days? Why?
Does it rain much in your city?
Would you like to live in a dry or wet place?
Would you change your plan if it rained?
What languages can you speak?
What languages would you like to learn in the future?
How do you learn a foreign language?
How are languages taught and learned in your school?
How do you keep healthy?
What are your favorite sports?
Are there health classes in your school?
What sports help people stay healthy?
Is it easy for people to exercise in your country?
Could you stay focused in class when you were a child?
What do you do to help you concentrate?
Is it difficult for you to stay focused on something?
When do you need to be focused?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your least favorite day of the week?
What is the busiest day of the week for you?
Is there anything that you do every day?
Are weekdays and weekends the same for you?